abandon verb  
absolute adjective  
absorb verb  
abstract adjective  
academic noun  
accent noun  
acceptable adjective  
accidentally adverb  
accommodate verb  
accompany verb  
accomplish verb  
account verb  
accountant noun  
accuracy noun  
accurate adjective  
accurately adverb  
accuse verb  
acid noun  
acknowledge verb  
acquire verb  
activate verb  
actual adjective  
adapt verb  
addiction noun  
additional adjective  
additionally adverb  
address verb  
adequate adjective  
adequately adverb  
adjust verb  
administration noun  
adopt verb  
advance adjective  
advance noun  
advance verb  
affair noun  
affordable adjective  
afterwards adverb  
agency noun  
agenda noun  
aggressive adjective  
agriculture noun  
aid noun  
aid verb  
AIDS noun  
aircraft noun  
alarm verb  
alien noun  
alongside preposition  
alter verb  
altogether adverb  
ambulance noun  
amount verb  
amusing adjective  
analyst noun  
ancestor noun  
anger noun  
angle noun  
animation noun  
anniversary noun  
annual adjective  
annually adverb  
anticipate verb  
anxiety noun  
anxious adjective  
apology noun  
apparent adjective  
apparently adverb  
appeal noun  
appeal verb  
applicant noun  
approach noun  
approach verb  
appropriate adjective  
appropriately adverb  
approval noun  
approve verb  
arise verb  
armed adjective  
arms noun  
arrow noun  
artificial adjective  
artistic adjective  
artwork noun  
ashamed adjective  
aside adverb  
aspect noun  
assess verb  
assessment noun  
asset noun  
assign verb  
assistance noun  
associate verb  
associated adjective  
association noun  
assume verb  
assumption noun  
assure verb  
astonishing adjective  
attachment noun  
attempt noun  
attempt verb  
auction noun  
audio adjective  
automatic adjective  
automatically adverb  
awareness noun  
awkward adjective  
back verb  
bacteria noun  
badge noun  
balanced adjective  
ballet noun  
balloon noun  
bar verb  
barely adverb  
bargain noun  
barrier noun  
basement noun  
basically adverb  
basket noun  
bat noun  
battle verb  
bear verb  
beat noun  
beg verb  
being noun  
beneficial adjective  
bent adjective  
beside preposition  
besides adverb  
besides preposition  
bet noun  
bet verb  
beyond adverb  
beyond preposition  
bias noun  
bid noun  
bid verb  
bill verb  
biological adjective  
bitter adjective  
blame noun  
blame verb  
blanket noun  
blind adjective  
blow noun  
bold adjective  
bombing noun  
bond noun  
booking noun  
boost noun  
boost verb  
border verb  
bound adjective  
breast noun  
brick noun  
brief adjective  
briefly adverb  
broad adjective  
broadcast noun  
broadcast verb  
broadcaster noun  
broadly adverb  
budget noun  
bug noun  
bullet noun  
bunch noun  
burn noun  
bush noun  
but preposition  
cabin noun  
cable noun  
calculate verb  
canal noun  
cancel verb  
cancer noun  
candle noun  
capable adjective  
capacity noun  
capture noun  
capture verb  
carbon noun  
cast noun  
cast verb  
casual adjective  
catch noun  
cave noun  
cell noun  
certainty noun  
certificate noun  
chain verb  
chair verb  
chairman noun  
challenge verb  
challenging adjective  
championship noun  
characteristic adjective  
characteristic noun  
charming adjective  
chart verb  
chase noun  
chase verb  
cheek noun  
cheer noun  
cheer verb  
chief adjective  
chief noun  
choir noun  
chop verb  
circuit noun  
circumstance noun  
cite verb  
citizen noun  
civil adjective  
civilization noun  
clarify verb  
classic adjective  
classic noun  
classify verb  
clerk noun  
cliff noun  
clinic noun  
clip noun  
close noun  
closely adverb  
coincidence noun  
collapse noun  
collapse verb  
collector noun  
colony noun  
colourful adjective  
combination noun  
comfort noun  
comfort verb  
comic adjective  
comic noun  
command noun  
command verb  
commander noun  
commission noun  
commission verb  
commitment noun  
committee noun  
commonly adverb  
comparative adjective  
completion noun  
complex noun  
complicated adjective  
component noun  
compose verb  
composer noun  
compound noun  
comprehensive adjective  
comprise verb  
compulsory adjective  
concentration noun  
concept noun  
concern noun  
concern verb  
concerned adjective  
concrete adjective  
concrete noun  
conduct noun  
conduct verb  
confess verb  
confidence noun  
conflict noun  
conflict verb  
confusing adjective  
confusion noun  
conscious adjective  
consequently adverb  
conservation noun  
conservative adjective  
conservative noun  
considerable adjective  
considerably adverb  
consideration noun  
consistent adjective  
consistently adverb  
conspiracy noun  
constant adjective  
constantly adverb  
construct verb  
construction noun  
consult verb  
consultant noun  
consumption noun  
contemporary adjective  
contest noun  
contest verb  
contract noun  
contract verb  
contribute verb  
contribution noun  
controversial adjective  
controversy noun  
convenience noun  
convention noun  
conventional adjective  
convert verb  
convey verb  
convinced adjective  
convincing adjective  
cope verb  
core adjective  
core noun  
corporate adjective  
corporation noun  
corridor noun  
council noun  
counter noun  
county noun  
courage noun  
coverage noun  
crack noun  
crack verb  
craft noun  
crash noun  
crash verb  
creation noun  
creativity noun  
creature noun  
credit verb  
crew noun  
crisis noun  
criterion noun  
critic noun  
critical adjective  
critically adverb  
criticism noun  
criticize verb  
crop noun  
crucial adjective  
cruise noun  
cruise verb  
cry noun  
cue noun  
cure noun  
cure verb  
curious adjective  
current noun  
curriculum noun  
curve noun  
curve verb  
curved adjective  
cute adjective  
dairy adjective  
dairy noun  
dare verb  
darkness noun  
database noun  
date verb  
deadline noun  
deadly adjective  
dealer noun  
debate noun  
debate verb  
debt noun  
decent adjective  
deck noun  
declare verb  
decline noun  
decline verb  
decoration noun  
decrease noun  
decrease verb  
deeply adverb  
defeat noun  
defeat verb  
defence noun  
defend verb  
defender noun  
delay noun  
delay verb  
delete verb  
deliberate adjective  
deliberately adverb  
delight noun  
delight verb  
delighted adjective  
delivery noun  
demand noun  
demand verb  
democracy noun  
democratic adjective  
demonstrate verb  
demonstration noun  
deny verb  
depart verb  
dependent adjective  
deposit noun  
depressed adjective  
depressing adjective  
depression noun  
depth noun  
derive verb  
desert verb  
deserve verb  
desire noun  
desire verb  
desperate adjective  
desperately adverb  
destruction noun  
detail verb  
detailed adjective  
detect verb  
determination noun  
devote verb  
differ verb  
dig verb  
disability noun  
disabled adjective  
disagreement noun  
disappoint verb  
disappointment noun  
disc noun  
discipline noun  
discount verb  
discourage verb  
dishonest adjective  
disk noun  
dismiss verb  
disorder noun  
display noun  
display verb  
distant adjective  
distinct adjective  
distinguish verb  
distract verb  
distribute verb  
distribution noun  
district noun  
disturb verb  
dive noun  
dive verb  
diverse adjective  
diversity noun  
divide noun  
division noun  
divorce noun  
divorce verb  
document verb  
domestic adjective  
dominant adjective  
dominate verb  
donation noun  
dot noun  
downtown adjective  
downtown adverb  
downtown noun  
downwards adverb  
dozen determiner  
dozen noun  
draft noun  
draft verb  
drag verb  
dramatic adjective  
dramatically adverb  
drought noun  
dull adjective  
dump verb  
duration noun  
dynamic adjective  
economics noun  
economist noun  
edit verb  
edition noun  
editorial adjective  
efficient adjective  
efficiently adverb  
elbow noun  
elderly adjective  
elect verb  
electronics noun  
elegant adjective  
elementary adjective  
eliminate verb  
elsewhere adverb  
embrace verb  
emerge verb  
emission noun  
emotional adjective  
emotionally adverb  
emphasis noun  
emphasize verb  
empire noun  
enable verb  
encounter noun  
encounter verb  
engage verb  
enhance verb  
enjoyable adjective  
enquiry noun  
ensure verb  
entertaining adjective  
enthusiasm noun  
enthusiastic adjective  
entire adjective  
entirely adverb  
entrepreneur noun  
envelope noun  
equal noun  
equip verb  
equivalent adjective  
equivalent noun  
era noun  
erupt verb  
essentially adverb  
establish verb  
estate noun  
estimate noun  
estimate verb  
ethic noun  
ethical adjective  
ethnic adjective  
evaluate verb  
evaluation noun  
even adjective  
evident adjective  
evil adjective  
evil noun  
evolution noun  
evolve verb  
examination noun  
exceed verb  
exception noun  
excessive adjective  
exclude verb  
excuse noun  
excuse verb  
executive adjective  
executive noun  
exhibit noun  
exhibit verb  
existence noun  
exit noun  
exotic adjective  
expansion noun  
expectation noun  
expense noun  
expertise noun  
exploit verb  
exploration noun  
expose verb  
exposure noun  
extend verb  
extension noun  
extensive adjective  
extensively adverb  
extent noun  
external adjective  
extract noun  
extraordinary adjective  
extreme noun  
fabric noun  
fabulous adjective  
facility noun  
failed adjective  
failure noun  
faith noun  
fake adjective  
fame noun  
fantasy noun  
fare noun  
fault noun  
favour verb  
feather noun  
federal adjective  
fee noun  
feed noun  
feedback noun  
feel noun  
fellow adjective  
fever noun  
figure verb  
file verb  
finance noun  
finance verb  
finding noun  
firefighter noun  
firework noun  
firm adjective  
firm noun  
firmly adverb  
fix noun  
flame noun  
flash noun  
flash verb  
flavour noun  
flexible adjective  
float verb  
fold noun  
folding adjective  
following preposition  
fond adjective  
fool noun  
forbid verb  
forecast noun  
forecast verb  
forgive verb  
format noun  
formation noun  
former adjective  
formerly adverb  
fortunate adjective  
fortune noun  
forum noun  
forward adjective  
fossil noun  
found verb  
foundation noun  
founder noun  
fraction noun  
fragment noun  
framework noun  
fraud noun  
free verb  
freedom noun  
freely adverb  
frequency noun  
frequent adjective  
fuel verb  
fulfil verb  
full-time adjective  
full-time adverb  
fully adverb  
function verb  
fund noun  
fund verb  
fundamental adjective  
fundamentally adverb  
funding noun  
furious adjective  
furthermore adverb  
gain noun  
gain verb  
gaming noun  
gang noun  
gay adjective  
gender noun  
gene noun  
generate verb  
genetic adjective  
genius noun  
genre noun  
genuine adjective  
genuinely adverb  
gesture noun  
gig noun  
globalization noun  
globe noun  
golden adjective  
goodness noun  
gorgeous adjective  
govern verb  
governor noun  
grab verb  
grade verb  
gradually adverb  
grand adjective  
grant noun  
grant verb  
graphic adjective  
graphics noun  
greatly adverb  
greenhouse noun  
grocery noun  
guarantee noun  
guarantee verb  
guideline noun  
habitat noun  
handle noun  
handle verb  
harbour noun  
harm noun  
harm verb  
harmful adjective  
headquarters noun  
heal verb  
healthcare noun  
hearing noun  
heaven noun  
heel noun  
hell noun  
helmet noun  
hence adverb  
herb noun  
hesitate verb  
hidden adjective  
high noun  
highway noun  
hilarious adjective  
hip noun  
hire noun  
historian noun  
hold noun  
hollow adjective  
holy adjective  
homeless adjective  
honesty noun  
honour noun  
honour verb  
hook noun  
hopefully adverb  
host verb  
house verb  
household noun  
housing noun  
humorous adjective  
humour noun  
hunger noun  
hunt noun  
hunting noun  
hurt noun  
hypothesis noun  
icon noun  
ID noun  
ideal noun  
identical adjective  
illusion noun  
illustrate verb  
illustration noun  
imagination noun  
immigration noun  
immune adjective  
impatient adjective  
implement verb  
implication noun  
imply verb  
impose verb  
impress verb  
impressed adjective  
incentive noun  
inch noun  
incident noun  
income noun  
incorporate verb  
incorrect adjective  
increasingly adverb  
independence noun  
index noun  
indication noun  
industrial adjective  
inevitable adjective  
inevitably adverb  
infection noun  
infer verb  
inflation noun  
info noun  
inform verb  
infrastructure noun  
inhabitant noun  
inherit verb  
initial adjective  
initially adverb  
initiative noun  
ink noun  
inner adjective  
innovation noun  
innovative adjective  
input noun  
inquiry noun  
insert verb  
insight noun  
insist verb  
inspector noun  
inspire verb  
install verb  
installation noun  
instance noun  
instant adjective  
instantly adverb  
institute noun  
institution noun  
insurance noun  
integrate verb  
intellectual adjective  
intended adjective  
intense adjective  
interact verb  
interaction noun  
internal adjective  
interpret verb  
interpretation noun  
interrupt verb  
interval noun  
invade verb  
invasion noun  
investigation noun  
investment noun  
investor noun  
isolate verb  
isolated adjective  
issue verb  
jail noun  
jail verb  
jet noun  
joint adjective  
joint noun  
journalism noun  
joy noun  
judgement noun  
junior adjective  
jury noun  
justice noun  
justify verb  
kit noun  
labour noun  
ladder noun  
landing noun  
landscape noun  
lane noun  
largely adverb  
lately adverb  
latest noun  
launch noun  
launch verb  
leadership noun  
leaflet noun  
league noun  
lean verb  
leave noun  
legend noun  
lens noun  
level verb  
licence noun  
lifetime noun  
lighting noun  
likewise adverb  
limitation noun  
limited adjective  
line verb  
literally adverb  
literary adjective  
litre noun  
litter noun  
lively adjective  
load noun  
load verb  
loan noun  
logical adjective  
logo noun  
long-term adjective  
long-term adverb  
loose adjective  
lord noun  
lottery noun  
low noun  
lower verb  
loyal adjective  
lung noun  
lyric noun  
magnificent adjective  
maintain verb  
majority noun  
make noun  
make-up noun  
making noun  
manufacture verb  
manufacturing noun  
map verb  
marathon noun  
margin noun  
marker noun  
martial adjective  
mass adjective  
mass noun  
massive adjective  
master noun  
master verb  
matching adjective  
mate noun  
mate verb  
material adjective  
maximum adjective  
maximum noun  
mayor noun  
means noun  
measurement noun  
mechanic noun  
mechanical adjective  
mechanism noun  
medal noun  
medication noun  
medium noun  
melt verb  
membership noun  
memorable adjective  
metaphor noun  
military adjective  
military noun  
miner noun  
mineral noun  
minimum adjective  
minimum noun  
minister noun  
minor adjective  
minority noun  
miserable adjective  
mission noun  
mistake verb  
mixed adjective  
mode noun  
model verb  
modest adjective  
modify verb  
monitor noun  
monitor verb  
monster noun  
monthly adjective  
monument noun  
moral adjective  
moral noun  
moreover adverb  
mortgage noun  
mosque noun  
motion noun  
motivate verb  
motivation noun  
motor adjective  
motor noun  
mount verb  
moving adjective  
multiple adjective  
multiply verb  
mysterious adjective  
myth noun  
naked adjective  
narrow verb  
nasty adjective  
national noun  
navigation noun  
nearby adjective  
nearby adverb  
neat adjective  
necessity noun  
negative noun  
negotiate verb  
negotiation noun  
nerve noun  
neutral adjective  
nevertheless adverb  
newly adverb  
nightmare noun  
norm noun  
notebook noun  
notion noun  
novelist noun  
nowadays adverb  
numerous adjective  
nursing noun  
nutrition noun  
obesity noun  
obey verb  
object verb  
objective adjective  
objective noun  
obligation noun  
observation noun  
observe verb  
observer noun  
obstacle noun  
obtain verb  
occasionally adverb  
occupation noun  
occupy verb  
offence noun  
offend verb  
offender noun  
offensive adjective  
official noun  
ongoing adjective  
opening noun  
openly adverb  
opera noun  
operate verb  
operator noun  
opponent noun  
oppose verb  
opposed adjective  
opposition noun  
optimistic adjective  
orchestra noun  
organ noun  
organic adjective  
origin noun  
otherwise adverb  
outcome noun  
outer adjective  
outfit noun  
outline noun  
outline verb  
output noun  
outstanding adjective  
overall adjective  
overall adverb  
overcome verb  
overnight adverb  
overseas adjective  
overseas adverb  
owe verb  
ownership noun  
oxygen noun  
pace noun  
pace verb  
package verb  
packet noun  
palm noun  
panel noun  
panic noun  
parade noun  
parallel adjective  
parallel noun  
parliament noun  
part-time adjective  
participant noun  
participation noun  
partly adverb  
partnership noun  
passage noun  
passionate adjective  
password noun  
patience noun  
patient adjective  
pause noun  
pause verb  
peer noun  
penalty noun  
pension noun  
perceive verb  
perception noun  
permanent adjective  
permanently adverb  
permit noun  
permit verb  
perspective noun  
phase noun  
phenomenon noun  
philosophy noun  
pick noun  
picture verb  
pile noun  
pile verb  
pill noun  
pitch noun  
pity noun  
placement noun  
plain adjective  
plot verb  
plus adjective  
plus conjunction  
plus noun  
pointed adjective  
popularity noun  
portion noun  
pose verb  
position verb  
positive noun  
possess verb  
potential adjective  
potential noun  
potentially adverb  
power verb  
praise noun  
praise verb  
precede verb  
precious adjective  
precise adjective  
precisely adverb  
predictable adjective  
preference noun  
pregnant adjective  
preparation noun  
presence noun  
preserve verb  
price verb  
pride noun  
primarily adverb  
prime adjective  
principal adjective  
principle noun  
print noun  
prior adjective  
priority noun  
privacy noun  
probability noun  
probable adjective  
procedure noun  
proceed verb  
process verb  
produce noun  
professional noun  
programming noun  
progress verb  
progressive adjective  
prohibit verb  
project verb  
promising adjective  
promotion noun  
prompt verb  
proof noun  
proportion noun  
proposal noun  
propose verb  
prospect noun  
protection noun  
protein noun  
protester noun  
psychological adjective  
psychologist noun  
psychology noun  
publication noun  
publicity noun  
publishing noun  
punk noun  
pupil noun  
purchase noun  
purchase verb  
pure adjective  
purely adverb  
pursue verb  
pursuit noun  
puzzle noun  
questionnaire noun  
racial adjective  
racism noun  
racist adjective  
racist noun  
radiation noun  
rail noun  
random adjective  
range verb  
rank noun  
rank verb  
rapid adjective  
rapidly adverb  
rat noun  
rate verb  
rating noun  
raw adjective  
reach noun  
realistic adjective  
reasonable adjective  
reasonably adverb  
rebuild verb  
recall verb  
receiver noun  
recession noun  
reckon verb  
recognition noun  
recover verb  
recovery noun  
recruit noun  
recruit verb  
recruitment noun  
reduction noun  
referee noun  
refugee noun  
regard noun  
regard verb  
regional adjective  
register noun  
register verb  
registration noun  
regret noun  
regret verb  
regulate verb  
regulation noun  
reinforce verb  
relatively adverb  
relevant adjective  
relief noun  
relieve verb  
relieved adjective  
rely verb  
remark noun  
remark verb  
remarkable adjective  
remarkably adverb  
reporting noun  
representative adjective  
representative noun  
reputation noun  
requirement noun  
rescue noun  
rescue verb  
reserve noun  
reserve verb  
resident adjective  
resident noun  
resign verb  
resist verb  
resolution noun  
resolve verb  
resort noun  
restore verb  
restrict verb  
restriction noun  
retail noun  
retain verb  
retirement noun  
reveal verb  
revenue noun  
revision noun  
revolution noun  
reward noun  
reward verb  
rhythm noun  
rid verb  
ridiculous adjective  
risky adjective  
rival adjective  
rival noun  
rob verb  
robbery noun  
rocket noun  
romance noun  
root noun  
rose noun  
roughly adverb  
round noun  
routine adjective  
rub verb  
rubber adjective  
rubber noun  
ruin noun  
ruin verb  
rural adjective  
rush noun  
rush verb  
sample verb  
satellite noun  
satisfaction noun  
satisfied adjective  
satisfy verb  
saving noun  
scale noun  
scandal noun  
scare noun  
scare verb  
scenario noun  
schedule verb  
scheme noun  
scholar noun  
scholarship noun  
scratch noun  
scratch verb  
scream noun  
scream verb  
screen verb  
screening noun  
seat verb  
sector noun  
secure adjective  
secure verb  
seek verb  
seeker noun  
select verb  
selection noun  
self noun  
seminar noun  
senior adjective  
sense verb  
sensitive adjective  
sentence verb  
sequence noun  
session noun  
settle verb  
settler noun  
severe adjective  
severely adverb  
sexy adjective  
shade noun  
shadow noun  
shallow adjective  
shame noun  
shape verb  
shaped adjective  
shelter noun  
shelter verb  
shift verb  
ship verb  
shock noun  
shock verb  
shocked adjective  
shocking adjective  
shooting noun  
shore noun  
short-term adjective  
shortage noun  
shortly adverb  
shot noun  
sibling noun  
signature noun  
significance noun  
significant adjective  
significantly adverb  
silence noun  
silk noun  
sincere adjective  
skilled adjective  
skull noun  
slave noun  
slide noun  
slide verb  
slight adjective  
slip verb  
slogan noun  
slope noun  
slope verb  
so-called adjective  
solar adjective  
somehow adverb  
sometime adverb  
somewhat adverb  
sophisticated adjective  
soul noun  
spare adjective  
specialist adjective  
specialist noun  
specialize verb  
species noun  
specify verb  
spectacular adjective  
spectator noun  
speculate verb  
speculation noun  
speed verb  
spice noun  
spill verb  
spiritual adjective  
spite noun  
split noun  
split verb  
spoil verb  
spokesman noun  
spokesperson noun  
spokeswoman noun  
sponsor noun  
sponsor verb  
sponsorship noun  
sporting adjective  
spot verb  
spread noun  
spring verb  
stable adjective  
stage verb  
stall noun  
stance noun  
stand noun  
stare verb  
starve verb  
status noun  
steadily adverb  
steady adjective  
steam noun  
steel noun  
steep adjective  
step verb  
sticky adjective  
stiff adjective  
stimulate verb  
stock noun  
stream noun  
strengthen verb  
stretch noun  
stretch verb  
strict adjective  
strictly adverb  
strike noun  
strike verb  
stroke noun  
structure verb  
struggle noun  
struggle verb  
stuff verb  
stunning adjective  
subject adjective  
submit verb  
subsequent adjective  
subsequently adverb  
suburb noun  
suffering noun  
sufficient adjective  
sufficiently adverb  
sum noun  
sum verb  
super adjective  
surgeon noun  
surgery noun  
surround verb  
surrounding adjective  
survey verb  
survival noun  
survivor noun  
suspect noun  
suspect verb  
suspend verb  
sustainable adjective  
swallow verb  
swear verb  
sweep verb  
switch noun  
sympathetic adjective  
sympathy noun  
tackle verb  
tag noun  
tag verb  
tale noun  
tank noun  
tap noun  
tap verb  
target verb  
tear noun  
tear verb  
technological adjective  
teens noun  
temple noun  
temporarily adverb  
temporary adjective  
tendency noun  
tension noun  
term verb  
terminal noun  
terms noun  
terribly adverb  
terrify verb  
territory noun  
terror noun  
terrorism noun  
terrorist noun  
testing noun  
textbook noun  
theft noun  
therapist noun  
therapy noun  
thesis noun  
thorough adjective  
thoroughly adverb  
threat noun  
threaten verb  
thumb noun  
thus adverb  
time verb  
timing noun  
tissue noun  
title verb  
ton noun  
tone noun  
tonne noun  
tough adjective  
tournament noun  
trace verb  
track verb  
trading noun  
tragedy noun  
tragic adjective  
trait noun  
transfer noun  
transfer verb  
transform verb  
transition noun  
transmit verb  
transportation noun  
trap noun  
trap verb  
treasure noun  
trial noun  
tribe noun  
trigger verb  
trillion number  
trip verb  
troop noun  
tropical adjective  
trouble verb  
truly adverb  
trust noun  
trust verb  
try noun  
tsunami noun  
tune noun  
tunnel noun  
ultimate adjective  
ultimately adverb  
unacceptable adjective  
uncertainty noun  
unconscious adjective  
undergo verb  
undertake verb  
unexpected adjective  
unfold verb  
unfortunate adjective  
unique adjective  
unite verb  
unity noun  
universal adjective  
universe noun  
unknown adjective  
upper adjective  
upwards adverb  
urban adjective  
urge verb  
urgent adjective  
usage noun  
useless adjective  
valid adjective  
value verb  
variation noun  
vary verb  
vast adjective  
venue noun  
vertical adjective  
very adjective  
via preposition  
victory noun  
viewpoint noun  
violence noun  
virtual adjective  
visa noun  
visible adjective  
vision noun  
visual adjective  
vital adjective  
vitamin noun  
volume noun  
voluntary adjective  
voting noun  
wage noun  
wander verb  
warming noun  
way adverb  
weakness noun  
wealth noun  
wealthy adjective  
weekly adjective  
weird adjective  
welfare noun  
wheat noun  
whereas conjunction  
wherever conjunction  
whisper noun  
whisper verb  
whoever pronoun  
whom pronoun  
widely adverb  
widespread adjective  
wildlife noun  
willing adjective  
wind verb  
wire noun  
wisdom noun  
wise adjective  
withdraw verb  
witness noun  
witness verb  
workforce noun  
workplace noun  
workshop noun  
worm noun  
worse noun  
worst noun  
worth noun  
wound noun  
wound verb  
wrap verb  
wrist noun  
wrong noun  
yet conjunction  